[Music]
the mantra here is you're only good as
your team, we all work as a team
the philosophy is totally sustainable
very very inviroment friendly where
we are always trying to interpret
the best possible of terroir
[Music]
this is Rosé Pinot Noir to say that it is giving
excellent results is a magino from France is very fashionable type
Porvence, make it from pinot, here in garzón
we are very close to the ocean what I
call the Atlantic Tuscany
and so with character and a lot of
personality we are achieving a
very important place in the world as the
best winery of new world winery of the
year, with great recognition in
Japan in London in the USA it seems to me that
the best thing about Garzón is
the future anyway
[Music]